fame.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Hall of Fame
permalink: /fame/
order: 8
menu: Fame
---

## Best Projects Fall 2021
These are the best projects (out of 29 in total) in 2021.

### Winner
[Is it Getting Hot in Here? Global Changes in Extreme Weather](https://climate-crew.github.io/d3-climate-visualization/)
Alejandro Romero, Matthew Stewart, Nada Tarkhan, Maximilan Urbany

### Runner Up
[That's so Fetch!](https://fihenry.github.io/thats_so_fetch_final_project/)
Jessica Chen, Fiona Henry, Xinyi Li

### Honorable Mention
[Locked Down - A story of human movement in the US during 2020](https://aspartate.github.io/lockdown-mobility/)
Angel Hsu, Jimmy Young, Andrew Zhang


## Best Projects Fall 2020
These are the best projects (out of 41 in total) in 2020.

### Winner
[Dive In - Exploring the Charles River's Health](https://mjnickerson.github.io/)
Barbara Kulaga, Micah Nickerson, Venus Nnadi, Lucia Salwen

### Runner Up
[Under the influence - A visual story on global alcohol consumption and abuse
](https://nina3719.github.io/Under-The-Influence/)
Peitong Chen, Nina Chen, Tiange Wang

[Squirrels in the City](https://jadaleee.github.io/squirrels/)
Jada Lee, Lizzy Ling, Iris Su

### Honorable Mention
[Inequality in New York City](https://rayortigas.github.io/cs171-inequality-in-nyc/)
Britteny Okorom-Achuonye, Shavonna Jackson, Ray Ortigas

[The History of Space Flight](https://mmancinelli.github.io/space_monkeys/)
Juan Carlos Lopez, Michael Mancinelli, Zane Wolf


## Best Projects Fall 2019
These are the best projects (out of 31 in total) in 2019.

### Winner
[Marvel Cinematic Universe](https://patsukhum.github.io/Marvel/)
Benjamin Levy, Rachel Moon, Pat Sukhum, Kevin Ji Whan Yoon

### Runner Up
[Loneliness - A Social Story](https://lyip12.github.io/loneliness/)
Guangyu Du, Runjia Tian, Lucy Yip

### Honorable Mention
[Bits of Food](https://bitsoffood.andwonders.works/)
Yuefeng Cui, Kaitlyn Germain, Jared Jessup, Kelly Wang


## Best Projects Fall 2018
These are the best projects (out of 26 in total) in 2018.

### Winner
[Visualizing the Harvard Q-Guide](http://jangeffert.com/the-visual-q/)
Laura Chapman, Jan Geffert, Matt Jiang

### Runner Ups
[The Rise and Fall of Cryptocurrency](https://cs171-final-project.herokuapp.com/)
Kenneth Kim, Neil Philip, Mauricio Ruiz, Eric Timmerman

[The Bechdel Test: Representation of Women in Hollywood and Film](https://squaaa.github.io/TheBechdelTest/)
Jess Eng, Cassandra Kane, Lucy Li, and Jarele Soyinka

[How Private is Private? An Analysis of Healthcare and Mobile Data Sharing](https://joshseides.github.io/cs171-final-project)
Katy McKeough, Andrea Porelli, Nicholas Ruta, Josh Seides

## Best Projects Fall 2017
These are the best projects (out of 25 in total) in 2017.

### Winner
[Who Wins in the Sharing Economy?](https://sharing-economy-cs171.herokuapp.com/)
Tansaya Kunaratskul, Jonathan Mazumdar and Ihsaan Patel

### Runner Ups
[Harvard Curricular History](https://youtu.be/09Qwyyy6WVE)
Andrew Lund, Robert Roessler and Jason Stein

[Data at Large](https://cs171-data-at-large.github.io/)
Michelle Ho, Xindi Zhao and Ziqi Guo

### Honorable Mentions
[Education in Another's Shoes](https://fsikandar.github.io/CS171_FinalProject_Education/)
Lydia Kim, Gaew Lertsuridej and Faran Sikandar

[An Evergreen Planet: Preserving our World's Natural Forests](http://preservation.herokuapp.com/)
Christine Zhang, Kevin Huang and Jesse Zhang

[Stop and Frisk from all angles](https://samstone18.github.io/KL_SS_Final-Project/)
Katherine Loboda and Samuel Stone

## Best Projects Fall 2016
These are the best projects (out of 20 in total) in 2016.

### Winner
[Through the Eyes of the Survivor](https://hathix.github.io/through-the-eyes-of-a-survivor/)
Neel Mehta, Javier Cuan-Martinez, Peter Youn, and Enrique Casas

### Runner Ups
[Eating Healthy](https://scheng95.github.io/eat_healthy_vis/)
Karen Su, Samuel Cheng

[Seeing Through the Fogg](http://seeingthruthefogg.herokuapp.com)
Katherine Harrison, Maria McLaughlin, and Maia Suazo-Maler

[Castle in the Sky](https://castleinthesky.github.io/)
Xu Si, Bingfeng Xia, Rui Zhao, Xinyuan Wang  


## Best Projects Spring 2016
These are the best projects (out of 63 in total) in 2016. Within the sections the order is alphabetical.

### Winner
[Visualizing the crisis in Syria](http://www.syria-visualized.com/)
Maria del Mar Carpanelli, Li Li, Maria Schwarz

### Runner Ups
[The American Consumer](http://melodictransport.uppadada.com/cs171/project/index.html)
Nathaniel Burbank, Jeremy Clark, Bruno Carriere

[America's Obesity Epidemic](http://obesity-epidemic.github.io/)
Kevin Buhrer, Jonny Moon, Thomas Musser

[The Air We Breathe](http://theairwebreathe.org/)
Marius de Vogel, Craig Houston, and Dominick Peluso

[Cambridge car accidents](http://crashcaster.com/#home)
Kyle Maguire, Rick Farmer, Kartik Trasi and Adam DiChiara


People's Choice:
[Global Network](http://mariajayne.github.io/global-network/views/frontpage.html)
Jacob Scherba, Maria Zlatkova, Aksel Reiten, Magnus Moan

### Honorable Mentions:
[Discovering Cuisines of the World](http://fannyheneine.github.io/Visualization_Project/
)
Lulu Liu, Isadora Nun, Fanny Heneine, Jack Qian

[US Time Use](http://ustimeuse.github.io/)
Yuqi Hou, Tuongvan Le, Maria Lai

[AD2: Analog-year Discovery Dashboard](http://solgirouard.github.io/AD2/)
Sol Girouard

[The 2016 Election](http://nhi1605.github.io/)
Adam Janes, Nhi Ho

[Flowing Shanghai](http://web.mit.edu/zhanzhao/www/flowing-shanghai/)
Zhan Zhao, Sebastian Fischer, Alpha Jacob Arsano

[Data Behind Champions](https://achchg.github.io/)
Chi-Hsuan Chang, Zhuyun Xiao, Ji Hua, Yufei Gui

[Free Trade Agreements](http://www.greenehouse.com/trade/)
Andrew Greene, Bertrand Mouton, Qutab Alam, and Senthil Arumugam

[Ukraine](http://nato-project.github.io/)
Valérie Lavigne, Marius Panga, and Shivas Jayaram



## Best Projects 2015

These are the best projects (out of 76 in total) in 2015. Within the sections the order is alphabetical.

### Winners



This year we had two winners, with an exactly equal number of votes by the staff:

[Datahub](http://teamdatahub.github.io)
Dayne Davis, Niamh Durfee, Alexandra Smith

[New York City Schools](http://itisaasta.com/nycs)
Aasta Frascati-Robinson


### Runner Ups

[The Growth of a Nation](http://laurenwood.github.io)
Lauren Wood

[CityCyle](http://afrozensummer.github.io/)
Mirhee Kim, Emily Lovett, Michelle Danoff

[Metro Boston Food Exploration](http://sbemagx.github.io/CS171-Metro-Boston-Food-Exploration/code/)
Christian Schlubach, Jack Birger, Sarah Ting

[Ventures](http://didjeridou.github.io/cs171-pr-ventures/)
Guillaume Laliberte

[Visualizing Crime in Chicago: 2001-present](http://www.chicagocrime.info/)
Zachary Fogelson, Alexander Jaffe

[Visualizing Inundation Impacts](http://mdgis.github.io/#)
Michael Dowd

[Behind Bars: A Visual Story](http://hughzabriskie.com/cs171)
Hugh Zabriskie, Cynthia Meng

[Carbon Emissions: A Global and Historical Perspective](http://azhong1.github.io/cs171-smith-zhong-finalproject)
Anna Zhong, Rachael Smith

[hydro[CROP]monitor](http://tiffknee.github.io/)
Spyridon Ampanavos, Tiffany Cheng

[Multi PheWAS Viewer](http://aneuraz.github.io/multiphewasview/)
Antoine Neuraz

[The Rent Is Too Damn High](http://studio2394.com/therentistoodamnhigh/)
Bartsch Elliott, Lo John, Perez Alejandro

[Weather and the MBTA](http://azampagl.github.io/mbta-weather/)
Aaron Zampaglione, Filip Piasevoli, David Brown


## Best Projects 2014

These are the best projects (out of 79 in total) in 2014. Within the sections the order is alphabetical.

### Winner

![]({{ site.baseurl }}/assets/i/pie.jpg)
[Century of Corn](http://jbencook.github.io/cs171-ag-viz/)
Benjamin Cook, Charles Hornbaker, Conor Myhrvold, Ryan King.

The prize for our winners: a 3D pie chart! We took a bite though!



### Runner Ups Places 2-3

[Data Driven Dota](http://d2dota.com/)
Robbie Gibson, Benjy Levin, Huihui Fan

[Fukushima Memoriam (Japan's Triple Disaster)](http://beta.fukushimajapan.org/website.html)
Molly Lloyd, Anthony Thul, Eric Coletti


### Runner Ups

[Box Office Success and Social Media](http://cleuer.github.io/BoxOfficeSuccess)
Christopher Leuer

Exploring Influence and Bipartisanship through Social Networks in Congress
Jonathan Marks

[Eye to the Sky. Chandra Edition.](http://chandra.phptime.biz/)
Pat O'Brien, Katherine Wyman, Daniel Schultz

[Not Safe Anymore (NSA)](http://notsafeanymo.appspot.com/)
Shreyas Dube, Christopher Gerber

[owlhub. Insights](http://insights.owlhub.co/)
Arne Zeising, Hendrik Makait, Keda Che

[SEAS](http://theredsetter.com/cs171)
Rebecca Mazur

[Startup Lookup](http://stup-lkup.herokuapp.com/)
Kevin Kuate Fodouop, Alexandre Sahyoun

[The Evolution of Social Networks](http://people.fas.harvard.edu/~reece/171/seenet/#)
Andrew Reece, Brian Feeny, Jennifer Sulkow

[Vindolanda: A Visual History](http://nmulani.github.io/cs171-finalproject-mulani-nikhil/)
Nikhil Mulani

[Visualizing the Great Recession Through The United States from 2001 to 2011](http://monarchjhaveri.github.io/GreatRecession/)
Eric Slater, Luciano Arango, Monarch Wadia

[U.S. College Data Comparison Tool](http://cheunjm.github.io/cs171-project-jcheun-rkim/)
Jaemin Cheun, Ray Kim

[Zap! Pow! Graph! or Holy Data, Batman!](http://www.somervillain.com/heroes.html)
Charles Bandes, Svetlana Nelson


## Best Projects 2013

### Project 3 - Interactive Data Visualization

#### Winner

[Energy Visualizations With UMI](https://googledrive.com/host/0B956l87SY0KpRUdrX19TUDhXb1U/index.html)
James Perakis

#### Runner Ups Places 2-3

[Visualizing U.S. Foreign Trade Data from 1992 to 2012](https://googledrive.com/host/0B6YljmV-VTJZWlU4RU1hNUJOQzQ/index.html)
Albert Young, Kevin Sun

[Streaming through 1Channel.ch](https://googledrive.com/host/0B2kv7wOF5KquclBsZXlUR1hCNms/index.html)
Rob Acheson, Jeff Fontas

#### Runner Ups

[Identification of Mutations that affect Protein Functions](http://mu-8.com)
John Mercer, Balaji Pandian

[Project Cork](http://www.mdegen.com/vis/project3/)
Jason Tucker, Mike Degen

[MIT Residential Footprint](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9-vI6AJ32fg)
Chunglin Wen, Amy Yu    

[Yelp!  You're Eating the Last Piece!](https://googledrive.com/host/0BxQ-p75D6EQocXFNX0RsTllCb2c/index.html)
Nida Naushad, Jessica Wu    

[Harvard Concentrations: A Story](https://googledrive.com/host/0BxV_WlGqTmvrdWlGMkd0SlR5VGs/newsite.html)
Jerry Chang, Lucas Lin

[Palace of Pop](https://drive.google.com/#folders/0B0-77KpORMJfdHVXckZWX1diSm8)
Mimi Xu, Joe Feghali

[To Bid or not to Bid](https://googledrive.com/host/0B4EHwxTGz454clhUTVQ5MnF4LTA/index.html)
Andres Arslanian, Nico Tejera

[The Origin Of Languages And Their Scripts](https://googledrive.com/host/0B3_yWG2n9ZTeOFdMeTBLeEV0dGM/index.html)
Tamar Rucham


### Project 2 - Interactive Data Visualization

#### Top 3

[Letters Space Distribution](https://googledrive.com/host/0B3_yWG2n9ZTeQ005U1J6VlNHNEE/index.html)
Tamar Rucham    

[Top 250](https://googledrive.com/host/0B2kv7wOF5KqubjN3S0hrbDlaM3M/index.html)
Jeff Fontas, Rob Acheson

[Visualizing Aid Data](https://googledrive.com/host/0B6YljmV-VTJZcElIUWlVZGIzTmM/index.html)
Kevin Sun, Albert Young

#### Runner Ups

[ABC Company Shipping Metrics](https://googledrive.com/host/0BxAaipGDJ-i1cm5GOWhBMWc5cW8/index.html)
Christoper Allen    



[Kiva Lending Snapshot](https://googledrive.com/host/0B1CM-5XAmSFbWW9NQjFDX1N6Zk0/index.html)
Han Kim

[Piazza Exploration: Exploring Activity in a Collaborative Academic Forum](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-3snk6_zNaE&feature=youtu.be)
Kristiana Laugen, Andrew Bocskocsky

[Trends in Chicago Crime](http://cs171.chemicalkungfu.com/)
Jeff Adams, Matt Lutze  

[US flight traffic in the face of major exogenous shock](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfv84OyrZxc)
David Chouinard, Vincent Tsugranes   



### Project 1 - Data Scraping and Analysis with Tableau

*NFL Offensive Trends by Team and by Year*  
Randy Miller

*Exploring the creation and editing of President Barack Obama’s  Wikipedia page*
Jonathan Yip

*Global Education: The Facts You Never Knew*
Bharathi Balasubramanyam

*Watching Hockey Beyond the Ice*    
Johnathan Mercer

*Endangered Animals*    
Kevin Mu

*Inbox Visualizer*
Andrew Bocskocsky

Commit message:

added best project award winners

fame.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Hall of Fame
permalink: /fame/
order: 8
menu: Fame
---

## Best Projects Fall 2022
These are the best projects (out of 40 in total) in 2022.

### Winner
[Fantastic Facts and How to Fake Them](https://iankelk.github.io/fantastic-news/)
Ronan Fonseca, Ian Kelk

### Runner Up
[Planet Habitability](https://conc2304.github.io/vis-final/)
Jose Conchello-Bueyes, Ben Fulroth, Patrick Niebrzydowski

### Honorable Mentions
[Raising the Bar: An Analysis of Athletes’ Performance over Time](https://dmkelly848.github.io/dmkelly848/)
Danielle Kelly, Nick Lauer, Rohan Sheth

[Energy Crisis](https://cs171-final-projec-energy-crisis.github.io/energy-crisis/)
Kritika Kharbanda, Karen Kuo, Aditi Memani


## Best Projects Fall 2021
These are the best projects (out of 29 in total) in 2021.

### Winner
[Is it Getting Hot in Here? Global Changes in Extreme Weather](https://climate-crew.github.io/d3-climate-visualization/)
Alejandro Romero, Matthew Stewart, Nada Tarkhan, Maximilan Urbany

### Runner Up
[That's so Fetch!](https://fihenry.github.io/thats_so_fetch_final_project/)
Jessica Chen, Fiona Henry, Xinyi Li

### Honorable Mention
[Locked Down - A story of human movement in the US during 2020](https://aspartate.github.io/lockdown-mobility/)
Angel Hsu, Jimmy Young, Andrew Zhang


## Best Projects Fall 2020
These are the best projects (out of 41 in total) in 2020.

### Winner
[Dive In - Exploring the Charles River's Health](https://mjnickerson.github.io/)
Barbara Kulaga, Micah Nickerson, Venus Nnadi, Lucia Salwen

### Runner Up
[Under the influence - A visual story on global alcohol consumption and abuse
](https://nina3719.github.io/Under-The-Influence/)
Peitong Chen, Nina Chen, Tiange Wang

[Squirrels in the City](https://jadaleee.github.io/squirrels/)
Jada Lee, Lizzy Ling, Iris Su

### Honorable Mention
[Inequality in New York City](https://rayortigas.github.io/cs171-inequality-in-nyc/)
Britteny Okorom-Achuonye, Shavonna Jackson, Ray Ortigas

[The History of Space Flight](https://mmancinelli.github.io/space_monkeys/)
Juan Carlos Lopez, Michael Mancinelli, Zane Wolf


## Best Projects Fall 2019
These are the best projects (out of 31 in total) in 2019.

### Winner
[Marvel Cinematic Universe](https://patsukhum.github.io/Marvel/)
Benjamin Levy, Rachel Moon, Pat Sukhum, Kevin Ji Whan Yoon

### Runner Up
[Loneliness - A Social Story](https://lyip12.github.io/loneliness/)
Guangyu Du, Runjia Tian, Lucy Yip

### Honorable Mention
[Bits of Food](https://bitsoffood.andwonders.works/)
Yuefeng Cui, Kaitlyn Germain, Jared Jessup, Kelly Wang


## Best Projects Fall 2018
These are the best projects (out of 26 in total) in 2018.

### Winner
[Visualizing the Harvard Q-Guide](http://jangeffert.com/the-visual-q/)
Laura Chapman, Jan Geffert, Matt Jiang

### Runner Ups
[The Rise and Fall of Cryptocurrency](https://cs171-final-project.herokuapp.com/)
Kenneth Kim, Neil Philip, Mauricio Ruiz, Eric Timmerman

[The Bechdel Test: Representation of Women in Hollywood and Film](https://squaaa.github.io/TheBechdelTest/)
Jess Eng, Cassandra Kane, Lucy Li, and Jarele Soyinka

[How Private is Private? An Analysis of Healthcare and Mobile Data Sharing](https://joshseides.github.io/cs171-final-project)
Katy McKeough, Andrea Porelli, Nicholas Ruta, Josh Seides

## Best Projects Fall 2017
These are the best projects (out of 25 in total) in 2017.

### Winner
[Who Wins in the Sharing Economy?](https://sharing-economy-cs171.herokuapp.com/)
Tansaya Kunaratskul, Jonathan Mazumdar and Ihsaan Patel

### Runner Ups
[Harvard Curricular History](https://youtu.be/09Qwyyy6WVE)
Andrew Lund, Robert Roessler and Jason Stein

[Data at Large](https://cs171-data-at-large.github.io/)
Michelle Ho, Xindi Zhao and Ziqi Guo

### Honorable Mentions
[Education in Another's Shoes](https://fsikandar.github.io/CS171_FinalProject_Education/)
Lydia Kim, Gaew Lertsuridej and Faran Sikandar

[An Evergreen Planet: Preserving our World's Natural Forests](http://preservation.herokuapp.com/)
Christine Zhang, Kevin Huang and Jesse Zhang

[Stop and Frisk from all angles](https://samstone18.github.io/KL_SS_Final-Project/)
Katherine Loboda and Samuel Stone

## Best Projects Fall 2016
These are the best projects (out of 20 in total) in 2016.

### Winner
[Through the Eyes of the Survivor](https://hathix.github.io/through-the-eyes-of-a-survivor/)
Neel Mehta, Javier Cuan-Martinez, Peter Youn, and Enrique Casas

### Runner Ups
[Eating Healthy](https://scheng95.github.io/eat_healthy_vis/)
Karen Su, Samuel Cheng

[Seeing Through the Fogg](http://seeingthruthefogg.herokuapp.com)
Katherine Harrison, Maria McLaughlin, and Maia Suazo-Maler

[Castle in the Sky](https://castleinthesky.github.io/)
Xu Si, Bingfeng Xia, Rui Zhao, Xinyuan Wang  


## Best Projects Spring 2016
These are the best projects (out of 63 in total) in 2016. Within the sections the order is alphabetical.

### Winner
[Visualizing the crisis in Syria](http://www.syria-visualized.com/)
Maria del Mar Carpanelli, Li Li, Maria Schwarz

### Runner Ups
[The American Consumer](http://melodictransport.uppadada.com/cs171/project/index.html)
Nathaniel Burbank, Jeremy Clark, Bruno Carriere

[America's Obesity Epidemic](http://obesity-epidemic.github.io/)
Kevin Buhrer, Jonny Moon, Thomas Musser

[The Air We Breathe](http://theairwebreathe.org/)
Marius de Vogel, Craig Houston, and Dominick Peluso

[Cambridge car accidents](http://crashcaster.com/#home)
Kyle Maguire, Rick Farmer, Kartik Trasi and Adam DiChiara


People's Choice:
[Global Network](http://mariajayne.github.io/global-network/views/frontpage.html)
Jacob Scherba, Maria Zlatkova, Aksel Reiten, Magnus Moan

### Honorable Mentions:
[Discovering Cuisines of the World](http://fannyheneine.github.io/Visualization_Project/
)
Lulu Liu, Isadora Nun, Fanny Heneine, Jack Qian

[US Time Use](http://ustimeuse.github.io/)
Yuqi Hou, Tuongvan Le, Maria Lai

[AD2: Analog-year Discovery Dashboard](http://solgirouard.github.io/AD2/)
Sol Girouard

[The 2016 Election](http://nhi1605.github.io/)
Adam Janes, Nhi Ho

[Flowing Shanghai](http://web.mit.edu/zhanzhao/www/flowing-shanghai/)
Zhan Zhao, Sebastian Fischer, Alpha Jacob Arsano

[Data Behind Champions](https://achchg.github.io/)
Chi-Hsuan Chang, Zhuyun Xiao, Ji Hua, Yufei Gui

[Free Trade Agreements](http://www.greenehouse.com/trade/)
Andrew Greene, Bertrand Mouton, Qutab Alam, and Senthil Arumugam

[Ukraine](http://nato-project.github.io/)
Valérie Lavigne, Marius Panga, and Shivas Jayaram



## Best Projects 2015

These are the best projects (out of 76 in total) in 2015. Within the sections the order is alphabetical.

### Winners



This year we had two winners, with an exactly equal number of votes by the staff:

[Datahub](http://teamdatahub.github.io)
Dayne Davis, Niamh Durfee, Alexandra Smith

[New York City Schools](http://itisaasta.com/nycs)
Aasta Frascati-Robinson


### Runner Ups

[The Growth of a Nation](http://laurenwood.github.io)
Lauren Wood

[CityCyle](http://afrozensummer.github.io/)
Mirhee Kim, Emily Lovett, Michelle Danoff

[Metro Boston Food Exploration](http://sbemagx.github.io/CS171-Metro-Boston-Food-Exploration/code/)
Christian Schlubach, Jack Birger, Sarah Ting

[Ventures](http://didjeridou.github.io/cs171-pr-ventures/)
Guillaume Laliberte

[Visualizing Crime in Chicago: 2001-present](http://www.chicagocrime.info/)
Zachary Fogelson, Alexander Jaffe

[Visualizing Inundation Impacts](http://mdgis.github.io/#)
Michael Dowd

[Behind Bars: A Visual Story](http://hughzabriskie.com/cs171)
Hugh Zabriskie, Cynthia Meng

[Carbon Emissions: A Global and Historical Perspective](http://azhong1.github.io/cs171-smith-zhong-finalproject)
Anna Zhong, Rachael Smith

[hydro[CROP]monitor](http://tiffknee.github.io/)
Spyridon Ampanavos, Tiffany Cheng

[Multi PheWAS Viewer](http://aneuraz.github.io/multiphewasview/)
Antoine Neuraz

[The Rent Is Too Damn High](http://studio2394.com/therentistoodamnhigh/)
Bartsch Elliott, Lo John, Perez Alejandro

[Weather and the MBTA](http://azampagl.github.io/mbta-weather/)
Aaron Zampaglione, Filip Piasevoli, David Brown


## Best Projects 2014

These are the best projects (out of 79 in total) in 2014. Within the sections the order is alphabetical.

### Winner

![]({{ site.baseurl }}/assets/i/pie.jpg)
[Century of Corn](http://jbencook.github.io/cs171-ag-viz/)
Benjamin Cook, Charles Hornbaker, Conor Myhrvold, Ryan King.

The prize for our winners: a 3D pie chart! We took a bite though!



### Runner Ups Places 2-3

[Data Driven Dota](http://d2dota.com/)
Robbie Gibson, Benjy Levin, Huihui Fan

[Fukushima Memoriam (Japan's Triple Disaster)](http://beta.fukushimajapan.org/website.html)
Molly Lloyd, Anthony Thul, Eric Coletti


### Runner Ups

[Box Office Success and Social Media](http://cleuer.github.io/BoxOfficeSuccess)
Christopher Leuer

Exploring Influence and Bipartisanship through Social Networks in Congress
Jonathan Marks

[Eye to the Sky. Chandra Edition.](http://chandra.phptime.biz/)
Pat O'Brien, Katherine Wyman, Daniel Schultz

[Not Safe Anymore (NSA)](http://notsafeanymo.appspot.com/)
Shreyas Dube, Christopher Gerber

[owlhub. Insights](http://insights.owlhub.co/)
Arne Zeising, Hendrik Makait, Keda Che

[SEAS](http://theredsetter.com/cs171)
Rebecca Mazur

[Startup Lookup](http://stup-lkup.herokuapp.com/)
Kevin Kuate Fodouop, Alexandre Sahyoun

[The Evolution of Social Networks](http://people.fas.harvard.edu/~reece/171/seenet/#)
Andrew Reece, Brian Feeny, Jennifer Sulkow

[Vindolanda: A Visual History](http://nmulani.github.io/cs171-finalproject-mulani-nikhil/)
Nikhil Mulani

[Visualizing the Great Recession Through The United States from 2001 to 2011](http://monarchjhaveri.github.io/GreatRecession/)
Eric Slater, Luciano Arango, Monarch Wadia

[U.S. College Data Comparison Tool](http://cheunjm.github.io/cs171-project-jcheun-rkim/)
Jaemin Cheun, Ray Kim

[Zap! Pow! Graph! or Holy Data, Batman!](http://www.somervillain.com/heroes.html)
Charles Bandes, Svetlana Nelson


## Best Projects 2013

### Project 3 - Interactive Data Visualization

#### Winner

[Energy Visualizations With UMI](https://googledrive.com/host/0B956l87SY0KpRUdrX19TUDhXb1U/index.html)
James Perakis

#### Runner Ups Places 2-3

[Visualizing U.S. Foreign Trade Data from 1992 to 2012](https://googledrive.com/host/0B6YljmV-VTJZWlU4RU1hNUJOQzQ/index.html)
Albert Young, Kevin Sun

[Streaming through 1Channel.ch](https://googledrive.com/host/0B2kv7wOF5KquclBsZXlUR1hCNms/index.html)
Rob Acheson, Jeff Fontas

#### Runner Ups

[Identification of Mutations that affect Protein Functions](http://mu-8.com)
John Mercer, Balaji Pandian

[Project Cork](http://www.mdegen.com/vis/project3/)
Jason Tucker, Mike Degen

[MIT Residential Footprint](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9-vI6AJ32fg)
Chunglin Wen, Amy Yu    

[Yelp!  You're Eating the Last Piece!](https://googledrive.com/host/0BxQ-p75D6EQocXFNX0RsTllCb2c/index.html)
Nida Naushad, Jessica Wu    

[Harvard Concentrations: A Story](https://googledrive.com/host/0BxV_WlGqTmvrdWlGMkd0SlR5VGs/newsite.html)
Jerry Chang, Lucas Lin

[Palace of Pop](https://drive.google.com/#folders/0B0-77KpORMJfdHVXckZWX1diSm8)
Mimi Xu, Joe Feghali

[To Bid or not to Bid](https://googledrive.com/host/0B4EHwxTGz454clhUTVQ5MnF4LTA/index.html)
Andres Arslanian, Nico Tejera

[The Origin Of Languages And Their Scripts](https://googledrive.com/host/0B3_yWG2n9ZTeOFdMeTBLeEV0dGM/index.html)
Tamar Rucham


### Project 2 - Interactive Data Visualization

#### Top 3

[Letters Space Distribution](https://googledrive.com/host/0B3_yWG2n9ZTeQ005U1J6VlNHNEE/index.html)
Tamar Rucham    

[Top 250](https://googledrive.com/host/0B2kv7wOF5KqubjN3S0hrbDlaM3M/index.html)
Jeff Fontas, Rob Acheson

[Visualizing Aid Data](https://googledrive.com/host/0B6YljmV-VTJZcElIUWlVZGIzTmM/index.html)
Kevin Sun, Albert Young

#### Runner Ups

[ABC Company Shipping Metrics](https://googledrive.com/host/0BxAaipGDJ-i1cm5GOWhBMWc5cW8/index.html)
Christoper Allen    



[Kiva Lending Snapshot](https://googledrive.com/host/0B1CM-5XAmSFbWW9NQjFDX1N6Zk0/index.html)
Han Kim

[Piazza Exploration: Exploring Activity in a Collaborative Academic Forum](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-3snk6_zNaE&feature=youtu.be)
Kristiana Laugen, Andrew Bocskocsky

[Trends in Chicago Crime](http://cs171.chemicalkungfu.com/)
Jeff Adams, Matt Lutze  

[US flight traffic in the face of major exogenous shock](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfv84OyrZxc)
David Chouinard, Vincent Tsugranes   



### Project 1 - Data Scraping and Analysis with Tableau

*NFL Offensive Trends by Team and by Year*  
Randy Miller

*Exploring the creation and editing of President Barack Obama’s  Wikipedia page*
Jonathan Yip

*Global Education: The Facts You Never Knew*
Bharathi Balasubramanyam

*Watching Hockey Beyond the Ice*    
Johnathan Mercer

*Endangered Animals*    
Kevin Mu

*Inbox Visualizer*
Andrew Bocskocsky
